---
external help file: MilestonePSTools-help.xml
Module Name: MilestonePSTools
online version: https://www.milestonepstools.com/commands/en-US/Get-VmsRule/
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-VmsRule

## SYNOPSIS
Get existing rules configured on the VMS.

## SYNTAX

### Name (Default)
```
Get-VmsRule [[-Name] <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Id
```
Get-VmsRule -Id <Guid> [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The `Get-VmsRule` cmdlet returns rules configured on the VMS based on the
specified parameters. Note that the Configuration API is unable to represent
all of the possible rule definitions. See [Introduction to Configuration API](https://doc.developer.milestonesys.com/html/index.html?base=gettingstarted/intro_configurationapi.html&tree=tree_4.html)
for more details about support for rules.

According to the Configuration API documentation, the following rule actions are not supported:

- Send notification to profile
- Set matrix to view devices
- Start patrolling on device using profile
- Pause patrolling on devices
- Show access request notification
- Change password on hardware devices
- Play audio message on devices with priority

In addition to these unsupported rule actions, MIP Plugin-defined actions are only
supported where the action accepts built-in items as parameters such as Cameras,
Microphones, Metadata, and so on. Actions that are generated by a plugin, such as
the sample BAT Action plugin, are not supported in Configuration API.

REQUIREMENTS  

- Requires VMS connection and will attempt to connect automatically
- Requires VMS version 20.1

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
Get-VmsRule
```

Gets all rule definitions that are possible to represent through Configuration API.

### Example 2
```powershell
Get-VmsRule -Name '*Default*'
```

Gets all rule definitions with the word "Default" in the rule name.

## PARAMETERS

### -Id
Specifies the ID of an existing rule.

```yaml
Type: Guid
Parameter Sets: Id
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of an existing role, with support for wildcards.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Name
Aliases: DisplayName

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: True
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### VideoOS.ConfigurationApi.ClientService.ConfigurationItem

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
